rules: fix sphinx auto-doc warning and mypy error (#2238)
sopel-irc/sopel: docs/source/plugin/internals.rst

   .. autoclass:: AbstractNamedRule
      :members:
      :undoc-members:

   .. class:: TypedRule

         A :class:`~typing.TypeVar` bound to :class:`AbstractRule`. When used
         in the :meth:`AbstractRule.from_callable` class method, it means the
         return value must be an instance of the class used to call that method
         and not a different subclass of ``AbstractRule``.

         .. versionadded:: 8.0

>             This ``TypeVar`` was added in an effort to add type-hint to Sopel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             This ``TypeVar`` was added as part of a goal to start type-checking Sopel.
```

Maybe even go as far as saying that it's not used at runtime? I don't know how many plugin devs look here 😂
